Prepare for 1.8.0 release :tada: (#2201)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.8.0 (2022-06-08)

## OS Changes
* Add support for Kubernetes 1.23 variants ([#2188])

> * Add aws-ecs-1-nvidia variant with Nvidia driver support ([#2128], [#2100], [#2098], [#2167], [#2097], [#2090], [#2099])

Reviewer: Do we want to consider adding sub-sections, like `General`, `ECS`, `Kubernetes`? Different readers will find different features exciting, and right now they're all mixed together.

* Update admin and control containers ([#2191])
* Update to containerd 1.6.x ([#2158])
* Restart container runtimes when certificates store changes ([#2076])
* Add support for ECS ImagePullBehavior and WarmPoolsSupport ([#2063], thanks, @mello7tre!)

> * Add support for providing Kernel parameters via Boot Configuration ([#1980])

Reviewer: link is not working

> * Add support for providing Kernel parameters via Boot Configuration ([#1980])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for providing kernel parameters via Boot Configuration ([#1980])
```

* Restart long-running systemd services on exit ([#2162])
* Ignore zero blocks on dm-verity root ([#2169])

> * Support adding static DNS mappings to `/etc/hosts` ([#2129])

Reviewer: Unless we're varying the language for stylistic reasons:
```suggestion
* Add support for static DNS mappings in `/etc/hosts` ([#2129])
```

> * Improve Kubernetes Pod start times by unsetting `configMapAndSecretChangeDetectionStrategy` in Kubelet config ([#2166])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve Kubernetes pod start times by unsetting `configMapAndSecretChangeDetectionStrategy` in kubelet config ([#2166])
```

* Add support for non-`eth0` default interfaces ([#2144])
* Build smartpqi driver for Microchip Smart Storage devices into 5.10 kernel ([#2184])
* Add support for Broadcom ethernet cards in 5.10 kernel ([#2143])

> * Add support for MegaRAID SAS in 5.10 kernel ([#2133])

Reviewer: Maybe a "Hardware" sub-section for these? Or condense into a single line item?

> * Add new `provider-id` Kubelet setting ([#2192])
> * Add new `podPidsLimit` Kubelet setting ([#2138])

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
* Add new setting for configuring kubelet's `providerID` configuration ([#2192])
* Add new setting for configuring kubelet's `podPidsLimit` configuration ([#2138])
```

> * Fix `settings.kubernetes.cluster-dns-ip` to allow list of IP addresses ([#2176])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow a list of IP addresses in `settings.kubernetes.cluster-dns-ip` ([#2176])
```

> * Deny unknown fields in network configurations ([#2142])

Reviewer: This seems too minor to feature in the changelog:
```suggestion
```

* Enable network configuration generation via `netdog` ([#2066])

> * Require `enabled` key in DHCP configuration ([#2146])

Reviewer: Likewise, this seems too trivial:
```suggestion
```

[#2146]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2146
[#2157]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2157
[#2158]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2158
[#2159]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2159
[#2162]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2162
[#2166]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2166
[#2167]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2167
[#2169]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2169
[#2176]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2176
[#2178]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2178
[#2180]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2180
[#2181]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2181
[#2183]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2183
[#2184]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2184
[#2185]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2185
[#2187]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2187
[#2188]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2188

> [#2188]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/2188

Reviewer 2: Listed twice

# v1.8.0 (2022-06-08)

## OS Changes

### General
* Update admin and control containers ([#2191])
* Update to containerd 1.6.x ([#2158])
* Restart container runtimes when certificates store changes ([#2076])
* Add support for providing kernel parameters via Boot Configuration ([#1980])
* Restart long-running systemd services on exit ([#2162])
* Ignore zero blocks on dm-verity root ([#2169])
* Add support for static DNS mappings in `/etc/hosts` ([#2129])
* Enable network configuration generation via `netdog` ([#2066])
* Add support for non-`eth0` default interfaces ([#2144])

> * Add c7g instance type support to AWS variants ([#2107], thanks, @lizthegrey!)

Reviewer: This is only relevant for Kubernetes, and it's closer to
```suggestion
* Add c7g instance data for max pods calculation in AWS variants ([#2107], thanks, @lizthegrey!)
```

Author: Serves me right for not looking at this more closely! I'll fix it.

* Update to IMDS schema `2021-07-15` ([#2190])

### Kubernetes
* Add support for Kubernetes 1.23 variants ([#2188])
* Improve Kubernetes pod start times by unsetting `configMapAndSecretChangeDetectionStrategy` in kubelet config ([#2166])
* Add new setting for configuring kubelet's `provider-id` configuration ([#2192])

> * Add new setting for configuration kubelet's `podPidsLimit` configuration ([#2138])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new setting for configuring kubelet's `podPidsLimit` configuration ([#2138])
```

* Allow a list of IP addresses in `settings.kubernetes.cluster-dns-ip` ([#2176])

> * Set the default for `settings.kubernetes.cloud-provider` on metal variants to be an empty string ([#2188])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the default for `settings.kubernetes.cloud-provider` on metal variants to an empty string ([#2188])
```
